examples/digital-marketplace-smart-contract/README.md, before:

# digital-marketplace

Welcome to your new AlgoKit project!

This is your workspace root. A `workspace` in AlgoKit is an orchestrated collection of standalone projects (backends, smart contracts, frontend apps and etc).

By default, `projects_root_path` parameter is set to `projects`. Which instructs AlgoKit CLI to create a new directory under `projects` directory when new project is instantiated via `algokit init` at the root of the workspace.

## Getting Started

To get started refer to `README.md` files in respective sub-projects in the `projects` directory.

To learn more about algokit, visit [documentation](https://github.com/algorandfoundation/algokit-cli/blob/main/docs/algokit.md).

### GitHub Codespaces

To get started execute:

1. `algokit generate devcontainer` - invoking this command from the root of this repository will create a `devcontainer.json` file with all the configuration needed to run this project in a GitHub codespace. [Run the repository inside a codespace](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/getting-started/quickstart) to get started.
2. `algokit init` - invoke this command inside a github codespace to launch an interactive wizard to guide you through the process of creating a new AlgoKit project

Powered by [Copier templates](https://copier.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).

Commit message:

fix: added base path back into vite frontend base template (#20)
* fix: added base path back into vite frontend base template

* fix: updated copy readme to inline bash for x-platform compatibility

examples/digital-marketplace-smart-contract/README.md, after:

# Digital Marketplace Smart Contract

This example demonstrates a Digital Marketplace smart contract on Algorand. It allows users to list assets for sale, either for a fixed price or through an auction-style bidding system.

## Features

- **Deposits:** Users can deposit and withdraw ALGOs into the contract to be used for purchases and bids.
- **Asset Sales:** Users can list their assets (ASAs) for sale at a fixed price.
- **Bidding:** For assets on sale, users can place bids. A new bid must be higher than the current highest bid.
- **Purchases:** A buyer can purchase a listed asset directly if a fixed price is set.
- **Auctions:** Sellers can accept the highest bid on their asset, transferring the asset to the bidder and the bid amount to the seller.
- **Bid Management:** Bidders can withdraw their bids if they are not the leading bid on any auction.

## How it works

The contract manages user balances in a `BoxMap` and keeps track of sales and bids.

### Key Functions

- `deposit(payment: gtxn.PaymentTransaction)`: Deposits ALGOs into the user's account within the contract.
- `withdraw(amount: arc4.UInt64)`: Withdraws a specified amount of ALGOs from the user's account.
- `open_sale(asset_deposit: gtxn.AssetTransferTransaction, cost: arc4.UInt64)`: Creates a new sale for an asset at a given `cost`.
- `close_sale(asset: Asset)`: Allows the seller to close their sale and reclaim their asset.
- `buy(sale_key: SaleKey)`: Allows a user to buy an asset for the specified `cost`.
- `bid(sale_key: SaleKey, new_bid_amount: arc4.UInt64)`: Places a bid on an asset. The bid must be higher than the current one.
- `accept_bid(asset: arc4.UInt64)`: The seller accepts the highest bid. The asset is transferred to the bidder, and the funds are transferred to the seller.
- `claim_unencumbered_bids()`: Allows a user to recover funds from bids that are no longer active or winning.
